docs: update sql reivew doc (#887)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/docs/sql-review/sql-advisor/overview.md

title: SQL Advisor
---

> Bytebase provides customizable SQL lint to check common issues in schema change process - it's SQL Advisor, which currently has five forms:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bytebase provides customizable SQL lint to check common issues in data change and query process - it currently supports following forms:
```
